I created a very basic webpage with a title and a simple green background, and used JavaScript to add in console.log outputs to discuss my favorite websites, games, and artists. 

When I entered the homework constraints into generative AI (ChatGPT), it created something not entirely different from my own website. I noticed it added a lot of additional details, such as visible text and suggested imagery, to the webpage itself, and added in additional CSS to style the page more than just my simple background color. It also added some things I didn't know I could do, like showing me how to add in blank lines into my console.log output for better readability. 

I don't think that I, or anyone else, should rely only on AI-generated output or someone else's work. The entire point is to create something myself, not make something that arleady exists, and especially in a learning context, I feel like I am not actually learning if I just copy and paste soemthing that was generated by AI or someone else. AI is also not always accurate, and if I don't underestand what it's doing, I don't have any way to fact check it's output.

I think the results I received from ChatGPT were fairly simple and with what I've learned so far in this class and my previous coding classes, I could adequately explain what it was doing.

I think at the end of the day, if you know enough about coding and web development, you can take what AI generated and change it to make it your own, but the more you copy and paste exactly what AI or someone else did, the less it's your own work. I think it's better to make something yourself and then use AI as a tool to double check and refine your work, rather than starting with something AI generated and trying to edit it from there.